README.md, before:

# Open Glam - openglam.org

Static Files for the Openglam.org website

## Setup & Development

For information on learning and installing the prerequisite technologies for this project, please see [Foundational technologies — Creative Commons Open Source][found-tech].

[found-tech]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/foundational-tech/
[vocabulary-docs]: https://vocabulary-docs.netlify.app/#installation


## Code of conduct

[`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`][org-coc]:
> The Creative Commons team is committed to fostering a welcoming community.
> This project and all other Creative Commons open source projects are governed
> by our [Code of Conduct][code_of_conduct]. Please report unacceptable
> behavior to [conduct@creativecommons.org](mailto:conduct@creativecommons.org)
> per our [reporting guidelines][reporting_guide].

[org-coc]: https://github.com/creativecommons/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[code_of_conduct]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/community/code-of-conduct/
[reporting_guide]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/community/code-of-conduct/enforcement/


## Contributing

See [`CONTRIBUTING.md`][org-contrib].

[org-contrib]: https://github.com/creativecommons/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

add license section, update GLAM uppercase

README.md, after:

# Open GLAM - openglam.org

Static Files for the OpenGLAM.org website

## Setup & Development

For information on learning and installing the prerequisite technologies for this project, please see [Foundational technologies — Creative Commons Open Source][found-tech].

[found-tech]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/foundational-tech/
[vocabulary-docs]: https://vocabulary-docs.netlify.app/#installation


## Code of conduct

[`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`][org-coc]:
> The Creative Commons team is committed to fostering a welcoming community.
> This project and all other Creative Commons open source projects are governed
> by our [Code of Conduct][code_of_conduct]. Please report unacceptable
> behavior to [conduct@creativecommons.org](mailto:conduct@creativecommons.org)
> per our [reporting guidelines][reporting_guide].

[org-coc]: https://github.com/creativecommons/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[code_of_conduct]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/community/code-of-conduct/
[reporting_guide]: https://opensource.creativecommons.org/community/code-of-conduct/enforcement/


## Contributing

See [`CONTRIBUTING.md`][org-contrib].

[org-contrib]: https://github.com/creativecommons/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md


## License


### Code

[`LICENSE`](LICENSE): the code within this repository is licensed under the
Expat/[MIT][mit] license.

[mit]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT "The MIT License | Open Source Initiative"


### Content/Text

[![CC BY 4.0 license button][cc-zero-png]][cc-zero]

All the content within this repository is licensed under  [CC0
 1.0][cc-zero] unless otherwise specified.

[cc-zero-png]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/zero/1.0/88x31.png "CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication button"
[cc-zero]: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ "Creative Commons — CC0 1.0 Universal"
